Add README for Jan (#3)
justinmohs/pp_analysis: README.md

> # This is for analysing p+p results from SMASH.

Reviewer: What about: 
```suggestion
# pp Analysis

This is repository for analyzing p+p results from SMASH.
```

> just run the shell script

Reviewer: Could you please make this a real sentence and mention which shell script.
